# Projects

### Advanced Banking System Simulation:

Write a program that simulates a bank system. The program should have classes for accounts, customers, and transactions.
Accounts should have attributes such as account number, balance, and account type (e.g., checking, savings). Customers
should have attributes such as name and contact information. Transactions should have attributes such as the account 
being debited/credited, the amount, and the transaction type (e.g., deposit, withdrawal). The program should allow 
customers to manage their accounts, view transaction history, and transfer funds. Use interfaces to implement classes 
for different types of accounts (e.g., individual, joint) and abstract classes for banking operations.

### Complex Car Dealership System:

Write a program that simulates a car dealership system. The program should have classes for cars, customers, and 
salespeople. Cars should have attributes such as make, model, and price. Customers should have attributes such as name 
and contact information. Salespeople should have attributes such as name and commission rate. The program should allow 
salespeople to manage car inventory, customers to search for and purchase cars, and salespeople to view their sales 
history. Use interfaces to implement classes for different types of cars (e.g., electric, hybrid) and abstract classes 
for sales operations.

### Restaurant Ordering System with Enhanced Features:

Write a program that simulates a restaurant ordering system. The program should have classes for menus, orders, and 
customers. Menus should have attributes such as dishes and prices. Orders should have attributes such as the customer 
ordering, the dishes being ordered, and the total price of the order. Customers should have attributes such as name and
contact information. The program should allow customers to view the menu, place orders, and view their order history. 
Use inheritance to implement classes for different types of dishes (e.g., appetizers, entrees) and abstract classes for 
menu operations.

### Sophisticated Music Streaming Service:

Write a program that simulates a music streaming service. The program should have classes for songs, albums, and 
playlists. Songs should have attributes such as title, artist, and length. Albums should have attributes such as title,
artist, and release date. Playlists should have attributes such as name and songs included. The program should allow 
users to search for and listen to songs, create and manage playlists, and view their listening history. Use interfaces 
to implement classes for different types of music (e.g., rock, pop) and abstract classes for music operations.

### University Course Management System with Advanced Features:

Write a program that simulates a university course management system. The program should have classes for courses, 
students, and professors. Courses should have attributes such as name, instructor, and content. Students should have 
attributes such as name and contact information. Professors should have attributes such as name and contact information.
The program should allow professors to create and manage courses, and students to enroll in courses, complete 
assignments, and view their progress. Use interfaces to implement classes for different types of courses 
(e.g., undergraduate, graduate) and abstract classes for course assignments.

### Comprehensive Hospital Management System:

Write a program that simulates a hospital management system. The program should have classes for patients, doctors, 
and medical staff. Patients should have attributes such as name, age, and medical history. Doctors should have 
attributes such as name and contact information. Medical staff should have attributes such as name and position. 
The program should allow doctors to manage patient information and appointments, and medical staff to manage hospital
operations. Use inheritance to implement classes for different types of medical procedures (e.g., surgeries, check-ups)
and abstract classes for medical operations.

### Movie Rental System with Advanced Features:

Write a program that simulates a movie rental system. The program should have classes for movies, customers, and 
rentals. Movies should have attributes such as title, genre, and rating. Customers should have attributes such as name 
and contact information. Rentals should have attributes such as the customer renting the movie, the movie being rented,
and the rental duration. The program should allow customers to search for and rent movies, view their rental history, 
and return movies. Use interfaces to implement classes for different types of movies (e.g., comedy, drama) and abstract 
classes for rental operations.

### Advanced E-Commerce Platform:

Write a program that simulates an e-commerce platform. The program should have classes for products, customers, and 
orders. Products should have attributes such as name, price, and description. Customers should have attributes such as 
name and contact information. Orders should have attributes such as the customer placing the order, the products being
ordered, and the total price of the order. The program should allow customers to search for and purchase products, view 
their order history, and leave reviews. Use inheritance to implement classes for different types of products 
(e.g., electronics, clothing) and abstract classes for order operations.

### Real Estate System with Enhanced Functionality:

Write a program that simulates a real estate system. The program should have classes for properties, agents, and 
clients. Properties should have attributes such as address, price, and features. Agents should have attributes such as
name and contact information. Clients should have attributes such as name and contact information. The program should
allow clients to search for and purchase properties, and agents to manage property listings and client information. 
Use interfaces to implement classes for different types of properties (e.g., residential, commercial) and abstract 
classes for real estate operations.

### Sophisticated Social Media Platform:

Write a program that simulates a social media platform. The program should have classes for users, posts, and comments.
Users should have attributes such as name and contact information. Posts should have attributes such as the user 
creating the post, the content of the post, and the date and time of the post. Comments should have attributes such as 
the user commenting, the post being commented on, and the content of the comment. The program should allow users to
create and view posts, leave comments, and manage their profile information. Use interfaces to implement classes for
different types of posts (e.g., text, image) and abstract classes for social media operations.

### Game Development:

Write a program that simulates a game development system. The program should have classes for games, developers, and
publishers. Games should have attributes such as title, genre, and release date. Developers should have attributes such 
as name and contact information. Publishers should have attributes such as name and contact information. The program 
should allow developers to create and manage games, and publishers to manage game releases and sales. Use inheritance 
to implement classes for different types of games (e.g., action, strategy) and abstract classes for game operations.

### Car Rental System:

Write a program that simulates a car rental system. The program should have classes for cars, customers, and rentals.
Cars should have attributes such as make, model, and rental price. Customers should have attributes such as name and 
contact information. Rentals should have attributes such as the customer renting the car, the car being rented, and the
rental duration. The program should allow customers to search for and rent cars, view their rental history, and return 
cars. Use interfaces to implement classes for different types of cars (e.g., luxury, economy) and abstract classes for 
rental operations.

### Library System:

Write a program that simulates a library system. The program should have classes for books, borrowers, and librarians.
Books should have attributes such as title, author, and publication date. Borrowers should have attributes such as name 
and contact information. Librarians should have attributes such as name and contact information. The program should 
allow borrowers to search for and borrow books, view their borrowing history, and return books. Use interfaces to 
implement classes for different types of books (e.g., fiction, non-fiction) and abstract classes for library operations.

### Job Search Platform:

Write a program that simulates a job search platform. The program should have classes for job postings, companies, and 
job seekers. Job postings should have attributes such as title, description, and salary. Companies should have 
attributes such as name and contact information. Job seekers should have attributes such as name and contact 
information, and a resume. The program should allow job seekers to search for and apply to job postings, and companies 
to manage their job postings and review applications. Use interfaces to implement classes for different types of job
postings (e.g., full-time, part-time) and abstract classes for job search operations.

### Online Shopping Platform:

Write a program that simulates an online shopping platform. The program should have classes for products, customers, 
and orders. Products should have attributes such as name, price, and description. Customers should have attributes such 
as name and contact information. Orders should have attributes such as the customer placing the order, the products 
being ordered, and the total price of the order. The program should allow customers to search for and purchase products,
view their order history, and leave reviews. Use inheritance to implement classes for different types of products 
(e.g., electronics, clothing) and abstract classes for order operations.

### School Management System:

Write a program that simulates a school management system. The program should have classes for students, teachers, and 
courses. Students should have attributes such as name and contact information. Teachers should have attributes such as 
name, contact information, and subject taught. Courses should have attributes such as course name, teacher, and enrolled
students. The program should allow teachers to manage courses, students to enroll in courses, and both to view student 
progress. Use inheritance to implement classes for different types of courses (e.g., math, English) and abstract classes
for school operations.

### Health Care System:

Write a program that simulates a healthcare system. The program should have classes for patients, doctors, and 
appointments. Patients should have attributes such as name and contact information. Doctors should have attributes such 
as name, contact information, and specialty. Appointments should have attributes such as the patient, the doctor, and 
the appointment time. The program should allow patients to schedule appointments with doctors, doctors to manage their
schedules, and both to view patient medical history. Use interfaces to implement classes for different types of 
appointments (e.g., in-person, virtual) and abstract classes for healthcare operations.

### Restaurant Management System:

Write a program that simulates a restaurant management system. The program should have classes for menu items, 
customers, and orders. Menu items should have attributes such as name, price, and ingredients. Customers should have
attributes such as name and contact information. Orders should have attributes such as the customer placing the order, 
the menu items being ordered, and the total price of the order. The program should allow customers to place orders, view
their order history, and leave reviews. Use inheritance to implement classes for different types of menu items 
(e.g., appetizers, entrees) and abstract classes for order operations.

###  Management System:

Write a program that simulates a hotel booking system. The program should have classes for rooms, guests, and 
reservations. Rooms should have attributes such as room number, price, and amenities. Guests should have attributes such
as name and contact information. Reservations should have attributes such as the guest making the reservation, the room 
being reserved, and the reservation dates. The program should allow guests to search for and book available rooms, view
their reservation history, and leave feedback. Use inheritance to implement classes for different types of rooms 
(e.g., standard, deluxe) and abstract classes for reservation operations.

### Music Streaming Platform:

Write a program that simulates a music streaming platform. The program should have classes for songs, artists, and 
users. Songs should have attributes such as title, artist, and duration. Artists should have attributes such as name and
contact information. Users should have attributes such as name and contact information, and a list of favorite 
songs/artists. The program should allow users to search for and listen to songs, create and share playlists, and 
discover new artists. Use inheritance to implement classes for different types of songs (e.g., rock, pop) and abstract 
classes for music streaming operations.

### Ride-Sharing Service:

Write a program that simulates a ride-sharing service. The program should have classes for drivers, passengers, and 
rides. Drivers should have attributes such as name and contact information, and a vehicle. Passengers should have 
attributes such as name and contact information. Rides should have attributes such as the driver, the passenger, the 
ride destination, and the ride fare. The program should allow passengers to request rides, drivers to accept and 
complete rides, and both to rate each other. Use inheritance to implement classes for different types of vehicles 
(e.g., cars, motorcycles) and abstract classes for ride-sharing operations.

### Video Games System:

Write a program that simulates a video game system. The program should have classes for games, players, and consoles.
Games should have attributes such as title, genre, and release date. Players should have attributes such as name and
contact information. Consoles should have attributes such as console type (e.g., Xbox, PlayStation) and games installed.
The program should allow players to play games, save game progress, and compete with other players. Use inheritance to
implement classes for different types of games (e.g., sports, adventure) and abstract classes for gaming operations.

### Fitness Tracking System:

Write a program that simulates a fitness tracking system. The program should have classes for exercises, users, and 
workout plans. Exercises should have attributes such as name and muscle group targeted. Users should have attributes 
such as name and contact information, and a list of favorite exercises. Workout plans should have attributes such as the
user, the exercises in the plan, and the plan duration. The program should allow users to track their exercise progress,
create and follow workout plans, and connect with other fitness enthusiasts. Use inheritance to implement classes for 
different types of exercises (e.g., cardio, strength) and abstract classes for fitness tracking operations.

### Movie Theater System:

Write a program that simulates a movie theater system. The program should have classes for movies, theaters, and 
showtimes. Movies should have attributes such as title, genre, and length. Theaters should have attributes such as 
location and seating capacity. Showtimes should have attributes such as the movie being shown, the theater it is being 
shown in, and the time/date of the showing. The program should allow customers to browse movies and showtimes, reserve 
seats for a particular showing, and purchase tickets. Use inheritance to implement classes for different types of 
theaters (e.g., standard, IMAX) and abstract classes for movie theater operations.

### Recipe Sharing Platform:

Write a program that simulates a recipe sharing platform. The program should have classes for recipes, users, and 
ratings. Recipes should have attributes such as title, ingredients, and instructions. Users should have attributes such 
as name and contact information, and a list of their favorite recipes. Ratings should have attributes such as the recipe
being rated, the user making the rating, and the rating score. The program should allow users to browse and search for 
recipes, save and share their favorite recipes, and rate and comment on recipes. Use inheritance to implement classes 
for different types of recipes (e.g., vegetarian, dessert) and abstract classes for recipe sharing operations.

### Messaging Application:

Write a program that simulates a messaging application. The program should have classes for users, conversations, and 
messages. Users should have attributes such as name and contact information. Conversations should have attributes such 
as the users involved and the conversation history. Messages should have attributes such as the user sending the 
message, the conversation the message is part of, and the message content. The program should allow users to create and
participate in conversations, send and receive messages, and manage their messaging settings. Use inheritance to 
implement classes for different types of messages (e.g., text, multimedia) and abstract classes for messaging 
operations.